Connection termination update (#1157)
ietf-tapswg/api-drafts: draft-ietf-taps-interface.md

that this Message has indeed been delivered. This Action does not affect any other Connection
in the same Connection Group.

> Applications MUST NOT assume that it can receive any further data on a Connection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An application MUST NOT assume that it can receive any further data on a Connection
```
